Features:

Account related features:
Authentication(admin account can use crud on places to manage data through frontend).
Tourist creates account
Website shows account info
Potententially can show places that have been visited(optional feature)
Places can be marked with points and once you visit them you can gain points and earn rewards(very optional)

User(Tourist) features:
1. Tourist sees places to visit on map.
2. There are a wide range of places such as cafe,restaurant,museum,activities,famous places etc.
3. Each place is uniquely seperated by visual differences of the markers on the map.
4. Each place holds info about price,popularity(how many other users visited),ratings,time it takes up
5. Tourist can select how many people are travelling and it will filter places suited for x amount of people
6. Tourist can input a budget to give the best route based on the budget.
7. Tourist can input the amount of time they have and it can give the best route.
8. The budget, amount of time, amount of people they have can be filtered at the same time to generate the best route
9. When generating the route it will draw a line to each place with a starting point and end point
10. It will show when to leave each place and when to arrive at another place
11. Can have checkbox to filter whether you want to include places to eat(will add place to eat breakfast,lunch,dinner
in middle of route based on time of day if checkbox is ticked)
12. Tourist can filter places near them
13. Tourist can filter places by areas(polygons)
14. Tourist can favourite places and give ratings
15. Filter checkbox for child friendly
16. Filter checkbox for wheelchair access
17. User Location Tracking (Live GPS)
18. Generate a Full Dynamic Itinerary (Route Planner)
19. Heatmap of popular attractions(optional)
20. Cluster map markers(Clustering of map markers)
21. Travel Mode Filtering(walking,driving)
22. User Analytics (admin-only)
23. Deploy the Backend with Docker + Cloud (azure)
24. Tourist can add photos from place they visited(stored on profile)